1. move to overleaf

2. make mega figure: cck screenshot, prepost, all seqs over time
(test figures in grey scale)

3.add refs
4. full read through for content
5. print and full read through for formatting issues

6. check consistent use of
       sim - virtual lab
       ll, lh learners or students
       behaviours
       colours

7. Little things:
	come clean with lightbulbs
	review theory in discussion
	review title
		I no longer lies "pausing matters". It reduces our findings to one element.

		We find that LH test simple, pause afterwords, and iterative. LL do not do these. Furthermore, both groups pause the same # of times. 

		So, this is a very rich paper, with fancy methodology, unconventional and wise decisions (ignore HH group), and we should not over simplify it by saying that pausing matters. There are a lot of things that matter. Focusing on pausing only distorts our paper.

		I am glad for a more catchy title, but one that does justice with the work.
		Show less
		Ido Roll	
		Ido Roll
		11:07 PM Yesterday
		Inquiry learning in virtual labs: the secrets are when to pause and what to test.
		Ido Roll	
		Ido Roll
		11:08 PM Yesterday
		Mining for sequences in virtual labs to uncover productive inquiry strategies
		<= I like this. And yes, Sara, close to what you had initial.
		Ido Roll	
		Ido Roll
		11:09 PM Yesterday
		(or the flip): Identifying productive inquiry in virtual labs by applying sequence mining.
	thinkalouds: when did those occur? retrospective seems to imply sometime after having done the study. or maybe in a pilot before the study after watching a screencast. my point is that these TA are mentioned a lot and so should be introduced in the method clearly
	convince J about Lightbulbs
	remove historial perspectice on categories
	add figure T2, Tm
	discuss why simplest circuit tested early (check)
	35%
		i can't be sure, but i thought i had written some sort of sentence that summarized the point of picking precisely 35%... sure we explain what happens at other thresholds but i feel it's missing a sentence to bring it all together in the context of finding "meaningful" sequences
	%on lba manuals: instead or in addition to lab manuals can we link this back to inquiry learning models as per my intro?

